The Queen died for this.
Check out our Funny Room!
127.0.0.1
THE SINNER
[insert image of a blahaj here]
My name is Walter Hartwell White. This is my confession.
The fog is coming The fog is coming The fog is coming
i am a splash
We'll never get free, lamb to the slaughter
I am the storm that is approaching
Memories broken, the truth goes unspoken
There will be bloodshed
The only thing I know for real
I'll endure the exile I'll endure the exile
Bang, bang, bang, pull my Devil Trigger
Savior! Bloodstain! Hellfire! Shadow! Heaven on a landslide!
Devil in my blood, living on the edge
As I stare into the eye of the coming
I cannot erupt. I must control!
I cannot erupt. I must explode!
You cannot kill me! I am Omega!
Vergil - Both The Alpha and The Omega
Nero - The Deadweight
joj
gay balls
firey is NOT hot
They see you as small and helpless
Mirror... Tell me something...
Mirror... Tell me who's the loneliest of all...
INTRUDER! IDENTIFY YOURSELF!
From shadows! We'll descend upon the world! Take back what you stole!
Mirror... Can you hear me?
This life is mine!
Linux Mint my beloved!
HAVE YOU SEEN THIS CAT?!?
wawa
I AM NOT GONNA SUGARCOAT IT
REGEIN SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEP
brazil mentioned
let it rain nuts!
arch btw
the waffle house has found its new host
*coughs*
still compiling
queerbaiting...
sudo rm -rf —nopreserveroot /
!fling
the gog is fuming
Hi there I would like to inform you that a job opportunity has opened at HI JOJO. This is an excellent chance to prove yourself as a trusted individual of this community at HI JOJO. If you do not want to participate in this job opportunity please say FAREWELL JOJO; otherwise say YES JOJO. Once you forward this email to your nearest HI JOJO representative, they will take a look to see if you would like to partake in our job offer. Please send this to all your friends so HI JOJO is more widely known, as we are trying to employ as much people as possible. Thank you for reading this. Sincerely, HI JOJO.
now with 100% more ball stretchers!
Bear 5 is on the run
shane stardew valley
jason peter todd
otaku convention
The Man Who Sold The World
fuu mention
see you space cowboy
I Really Wanna Stay At Your House
Knockin' on Heaven's Door
Fuu Mentioned
Heralding spring; The wild plants start to dance
Summer in Uji; Such dry, arabesque fields
The round autumn moon; Risen in celebration
Winter passes; And I again count the days
When dawn breaks again, we'll say our farewells
Take me to your place; Soften your breathing and become the wind
Take me to where you are; Passing through time my heart unravels
Raise Up Your Bat
Kris, WHERE THE HELL ARE WE???
Philosophy in a Tea Cup